Project name
Choose a name for your project. Don’t worry, it doesn’t need to be fancy, it’s just a way to identify it (e.g. "Hipstacam", or "Woofie").
Answer: SayXiis

Repository
Create a public GitHub repo to host your project and paste its URL here.
Answer: https://github.com/ciisiq/solo-project-sayxiis

One liner
Write a very short sentence (< 10 words) that describes what your app is about (e.g. "Airbnb for boats", or "Movies recommendation engine").
Answer: App about photos for who like only photos

Project description
Provide a short description of what the app does (< 1000 characters).
Answer: It is a app for who is tired for not be able to see anymore only photos on instagram, photographers that you like, you can’t see any more their work because of the all random people with short videos came trying to seduce you. In this app you will be allow only post photos, have a profile e the most important thing I want to have some kind of small competion like “today only sky photos” and with hastags and ranks you can have fun doing it. And at the end the person win a sticker. 

MVP
Choose the core feature that most defines your app and you’ll start to tackle first (e.g. "Users should be able to take a picture of a food item with their smartphone and receive a list of recipes based on that ingredient").
Answer: My mvp will only have a User X, that I will make the main functions works first, to have a profile, post photos, edit and delete, also the genarate the random tag for the competion. 


Tech stack
Does your app have a client, a server, or both? If it has a client, is it web or mobile? What frameworks, databases, or relevant libraries are you going to use? Fill the fields here below as needed.
Front End: Will be first web (responsive). I want to use React main framework and Tailwinds for styles, also Auth0 for the authetication for user. 
Back End: I want a relational database Postgresql and Express

I want to use things I used before because my main thing here is to fix my knowledge of these things and learn about the challenges that I will have in the middle. 

Data sources
In case your app relies on some data to work properly, where are you planning to get that data from?
Answer: I am not sure yet, but for the tag competion I will use some third API for get random example and tags. 

